---
title: "Recap 2025 \ud83d\ude0a"
date: "2026-02-24"
description: ""
tags: []
categories: []
---

## Another  journey: Recap 2025 😊
By January 2025, I was clear that I am leaving my job in Hyderabad and moving to Singapore by March end. As I wrapped up our world we created around in Hyderabad, I landed in **_Singapore_** on 30th March trusting God's plans and a heart full of hope that everything is going to be well ☺️

A few months in Singapore and we got to know that my sister is blessed with a baby girl 💕 and I visited them back in Hyderabad and spent one time with my family and the newest member. Another few months passed by preparing a research paper from my PhD. One fine day I received an email mentioning that my paper has been selected for an **_International conference_** and that I will be partially funded to attend the conference. This felt like a start to all the good things awaiting for me. My husband also decided to accompany me to the conference and we planned a trip around as well. As we prepared for the conference and the trip, it was almost July and we landed in **_Australia_** 🎉

With immense memories of the trip and a news that my brother-in-law was blessed with a baby girl, we had another trip planned to India. After spending some time in Australia and then India, when we landed back in Singapore- Another exciting news popped up- Actually two announcements 😉

First, I was offered a Research Fellow position at **_LKCMedicine, NTU_**. It was such a relaxing and happy moment that we called our parents to share the news. Yet, on that same day, we decided to take a home pregnancy test—and there you go! I was **_pregnant_**! 🎉 I had never felt anything like it before; a sudden gush of emotion where we just smiled at each other and laughed. This was life-changing news, and the year finally started giving us immense episodes of love and a feeling of blessing every single day.

There comes the exercise plan, the diet plan, office planning as I had to start working soon. My first trimester actually went by at home relaxing and nurturing as I had some downtime before I join the team at NTU. I joined the position in September last week and later the year also started to coming to an end with **_new hopes and excitement_** that 2026 was about to bring 🥰

